Bump NN, Maps and Common dependency versions to `112.0.0`, `10.8.0-beta.1` and `23.0.0-beta.1` respectively (#6168)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- Updated `NavigationView` to allow drawing of the info panel behind the translucent navigation bar. [#6145](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6145)
- Optimized vanishing line updates (`MapboxRouteLineApi#updateTraveledRouteLine`) when going through restrictions and legs aren't styled independently. [#6169](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6169)

> - Added support for _Onboard_ `snapping_include_static_closures`. [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for _Onboard_ `snapping_include_static_closures` route request parameter (`RouteOptions#snappingIncludeStaticClosures). [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)
```

> - Added support for _Onboard_ `snapping_include_static_closures` route request parameter (`RouteOptions#snappingIncludeStaticClosures). [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)

Reviewer 2: It could also be worth mentioning that map matching supports statically closed roads now

Author: What do you mean? Isn't it the same as _Onboard_ (Offline) support?

- Fixed a race condition that could cause a hang during `TileStore` clean up. [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)
- Fixed a crash when the `TileStore` service process is killed by the Android system. [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)
- Fixed an issue where some callbacks for completed operations would be invoked again if the `TileStore` service process was terminated. [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)

> - Fixed calculation of alternative route info (duration and distance). [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed calculation of `AlternativeRouteMetadata` (duration and distance). [#6168](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6168)
```
